README.md, before:

# Assignment 7: Legibility, Readability, and Typography

Bradley Martin
DMS 290
Professor Kostin

Link to original website(http://winnie.digitalscholar.rochester.edu/assignments/assignment02/index.html )
The original fonts are...
body{
	font-family:Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;
}
h1{
	font-family: 'Lucida Sans', 'Lucida Sans Regular', 'Lucida Grande', 'Lucida Sans Unicode', Geneva, Verdana, sans-serif;
    font-size: 2em;
}

I choose Fjalla One for the font as the content of the page is very straight forward and content heavy. So it would make sense to have something direct as well. But the design of the font is not boring yet offical encouraging people to stay on the page. I would say it falls under the geometric category which perfectly fits the intent of the webpage.

I choose Roboto because google said it was a good match for Fjalla One.

Besides changing the font these are the edits I did...

	1. I changed the side nav bar css out of boredom to be honest. But I think it adds a lot to the website as it now has a is-current class and tells the user what page they are on. I also added a fancy animation as I was a fan of the underline animation on the old web page but thought the underline was not necessary (this it the typography assignment after all).
	2. Change the paragraph max width as it did not have one before. Too wide of a paragaph is considered a readability issue.
	3. Added more margin on paragraphs... I felt that there was not enough white space around each paragraph so I increase the margin to help readability.
	4. I increase the line height of paragraphs. This gave it more space which made it easier to read.
	5. Increase font sizes to appropriate values. Made headings and normal text bigger to better reflect their importance and make them easier to read. I also increased the difference between the two to make sure it was clear of the functional differences.
	6. Custom CSS for the logo text. The previous designer has text going to the home page. I thought it was unclear that it was a link. So without redoing that part, I decided to increase the size, boldness, and letter spacing to make the text look different than any other text on the page. It is the same font as the headings, however, so it still fits the theme. I also took out the state in the text to further emphasize this.

Commit message:

Fixed list and encoding bugs

README.md, after:

# Assignment 7: Legibility, Readability, and Typography

Bradley Martin
DMS 290
Professor Kostin

Link to original website(http://winnie.digitalscholar.rochester.edu/assignments/assignment02/index.html )
The original fonts are...
body{
	font-family:Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;
}
h1{
	font-family: 'Lucida Sans', 'Lucida Sans Regular', 'Lucida Grande', 'Lucida Sans Unicode', Geneva, Verdana, sans-serif;
    font-size: 2em;
}

I choose Fjalla One for the font as the content of the page is very straight forward and content heavy. So it would make sense to have something direct as well. But the design of the font is not boring yet offical encouraging people to stay on the page. I would say it falls under the geometric category which perfectly fits the intent of the webpage.

I choose Roboto because google said it was a good match for Fjalla One.

Besides changing the font these are the edits I did...

	1. I changed the side nav bar css out of boredom to be honest. But I think it adds a lot to the website as it now has a is-current class and tells the user what page they are on. I also added a fancy animation as I was a fan of the underline animation on the old web page but thought the underline was not necessary (this it the typography assignment after all).
	2. Change the paragraph max width as it did not have one before. Too wide of a paragaph is considered a readability issue.
	3. Added more margin on paragraphs... I felt that there was not enough white space around each paragraph so I increase the margin to help readability.
	4. I increase the line height of paragraphs. This gave it more space which made it more ledgible. 
	5. Increase font sizes to appropriate values. Made headings and normal text bigger to better reflect their importance and make them easier to read. I also increased the difference between the two to make sure it was clear of the functional differences.
	6. Custom CSS for the logo text. The previous designer has text going to the home page. I thought it was unclear that it was a link. So without redoing that part, I decided to increase the size, boldness, and letter spacing to make the text look different than any other text on the page. It is the same font as the headings, however, so it still fits the theme. I also took out the state in the text to further emphasize this.
	7. Other bug fixes such as broken links, incorrect html, missing encoding, etc. (There was so many bugs...)
